add text for ALPN (#162)
radext-wg/draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis: draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis.md

## Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation

RadSec clients SHOULD use Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) to signal RadSec support.  The ALPN name assigned to RadSec is "radius/1.0", and clients implementing ALPN for RadSec MUST use that name.  A client which signals RadSec support via the ALPN name "radius/1.0" but which does not receive any ALPN response from the server MUST treat the (D)TLS connection as RadSec.

RadSec servers SHOULD implement support for ALPN.  RadSec servers which support ALPN MUST accept the ALPN name "radius/1.0" as RadSec, and as being equivalent to no ALPN name being sent.  If the client does not send any ALPN string. RadSec servers which support ALPN MUST treat the incoming (D)TLS connection as RadSec.

RadSec servers which do not support ALPN MUST treat incoming (D)TLS connection as RadSec.

That is, the presence (or not) of the ALPN name "radius/1.0" does not change the behavior of RadSec clients or servers.  However, using ALPN will assist with future changes to RADIUS, and as such, its use is RECOMMENDED.

> Other ALPN names are possible, such as "radius/1.1" {{?RFC9765}}.  RadSec implementations are not required to support {{?RFC9765}}, though doing so may have benefits.  The rules in this section are compatible with {{?RFC9765}}.

Reviewer: Maybe "backward-compatible negotiation of RadSec as defined in this document"

If cached data cannot be retrieved securely, resumption MUST NOT be done, by either immediately closing the connection or reverting to a full handshake.
If a connection that used session resumption is closed by the server before the resumed DTLS session can be established, the RadSec client MUST NOT re-attempt session resumption but perform a full TLS handshake instead.

## Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation

> RadSec clients SHOULD use Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) to signal RadSec support.  The ALPN name assigned to RadSec is "radius/1.0".  Clients implementing ALPN for RadSec MUST use that name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RadSec clients SHOULD use Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) to signal RadSec support.  The ALPN name assigned to RadSec as defined in this document is "radius/1.0".  RadSec clients implementing ALPN MUST use that name.
```

Suggestion as per Heikki's comments, slightly changed.
